Transcription:  Hmm, I think I should get a haircut. Hmm, I believe I have it here somewhere. Where did I put it again? Is it here? Oh, gotcha! I give them a call now. Great, have a nice day. Thank you for calling Jasween's Hair Studio. This is Andrew. How can I help you? Hello there. I'd like to schedule an appointment using my lovely gift voucher that my friend gave me. Can you help me? Yes, I can assist you with your concern. When is your preferred appointment? Do you have a schedule free for weekend? This weekend? Let me check your calendar for you, okay? What time would you like the book? I think maybe I'll have it late in the afternoon because I wake up late during the weekend. I see. We only have two spots free on Saturday afternoon. That would be at 1pm and 3pm. Oh, hmmm. That's a little tricky because I met up with a friend at 1pm in the afternoon at the Albert Dale. and it will take around 30 minutes for me to get to your hair salon and you know the stories and all can take as a decade how about like 5pm? well our 5pm is actually booked for Saturday would you like an evening appointment instead? we have 6pm and 7pm available for you oh I'll get the 6pm alright what service would you like to get? I think just a haircut I have a $100 voucher here which I believe is just enough for a haircut. Alright, well Lacey, you might be interested in our promo that will run for the entire month of December for Jasmine's Hair Studios 10th year anniversary celebration. Interesting. What's your promo by the way? Alright, when you get our hair color services which cost $125, you will get a free haircut and since you already have a 100 gift voucher, you only have to add $25 more. Wow, that's great. I'll get that. I'm thinking of changing my hair color anyway. Alright, that's nice to hear. Can I have your phone number please? Sure. It's 917-753-8170. We also get the spelling of your name please. Alright, it's Mildred, M-I-L-D-R-E-D. And my last name is Anderson, A-N-D-E-R-S-O-N. Alright, thank you. And what's your email address? I don't really have an email that's on my phone. Will you use it for the appointment? Yes, we'll use it to send confirmation regarding your appointment. appointment it's just my name actually it's Mildred underscore under sun at Hashmail.com all right and can you also have the barcode number please I'm sorry the barcode number on the back of the voucher oh yeah the barcode number well this number is starting with 1000 yes exactly all right so 1000 followed by 1-3-3-7-8-4-2-4-5. Alright, thanks Mildred. One moment please while I set up the appointment for you, okay? No problem. Alright. So Mildred, I successfully created an appointment for you. You will get a hair color with a free haircut this coming Saturday at 6 o'clock in the evening. Please expect a confirmation email at Mildredunderscoreandersonatashmil.com within 30 minutes after his call. Is there anything else I can help you with? That's all, thanks. Alright, thank you for calling and have a wonderful day. You too.